


	New York, Philadelphia, and Columbus have made the short list to host the 2016 Democratic National Convention.


	Were thrilled to move to the next step of the selection process to determine where Democrats will come together to nominate the 45th President of the United States, said DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz in a Monday announcement.


	We are fortunate to have such a diverse and vibrant group of cities interested in hosting this special event and we thank Phoenix and Birmingham for showcasing their special communities. We look forward to working with Columbus, New York, and Philadelphia as we go forward.


	The party also said it is considering the weeks of July 18, July 25, and August 22 for the convention, with a decision to be made by early 2015.


	Mayor de Blasio recently expanded to 101 names a host committee geared at showing the DNC that New York has the support and fundraising ability to underwrite a convention centered on Brooklyn's Barclays Center.


	The announcement comes just hours before Brooklyn leaders are scheduled to meet at City Hall to hear a pitch "as part of the administration's ongoing efforts to engage the community and build more support for the city's bid."


	A source familar with the DNC's plans told the Daily News, "Theyre entering into negotiations with each of the three cities, but the kicker is they have a preferred site, and so if they get a deal they like with that city, that will be the choice. The other two are in the running in case the first site doesnt work out."


	Republicans have already decided on Cleveland for their 2016 nominating convention.


	Here's an email going out to the party faithful from Wasserman Schultz:


	Friend --


	I'm so excited to share some great news for 2016: We have three finalists to host the Democratic National Convention where we'll nominate the next President of the United States.


	Here's that list: Philadelphia, New York, and Columbus.


	In the next few months, we'll be making our final choice.


	In the meantime, I need you to say you're supporting Democrats as we build up to 2016. We'll make sure you're one of the first to know as soon as we've made our decision:


	I'm so excited for this convention, and I hope you are too. We have a critical, incredible opportunity to elect another Democrat to the presidency, and this is where we'll come together as a party to do that important work. We will review what we've learned from 2014 and what we can do to make the coming years the best our party has ever had.


	We'll be keeping you updated with details about the convention, and we'll announce the location soon.



























 Copyright 2014 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.