


	Gov. Cuomo tried to make nice with weather forecasters Monday, saying he did not intend to criticize them on Saturday when he suggested their forecasts leading up to the Buffalo snowstorms failed to predict the storms severity.


	To the extent any forecaster felt that they were criticized, that was not the intention, Cuomo said during his latest media briefing in Western New York.


	Cuomo said the situation highlighted the need for the state-run weather detection system he proposed in January. That system, now under development, will be more sophisticated and more New York-specific than the one operated by the National Weather Service.


	What we said back in January was we want more and precise information as soon as possible, Cuomo said. We want more information faster and the way to do that is to have our own state system.


	Cuomo added: We will have more sensors than what the National Weather Service has in this stateWe will have a more sophisticated network in this state.


	On Saturday, Cuomo, who has been criticized for being too slow to close the Thruway and other critical roadways during the storm, seemed to point the blame at weather forecasters.


	No one had an idea that it was going to be that much snow, that fast, Cuomo said on Saturday. Snow coming down at the rate of about five inches per hour. No one had an idea. The weather service was off, by the way, which is why I said in my State of the State last year, were putting in our own weather detection system.


	Cuomos remarks were rejected by the National Weather Service and even Today show meteorologist Al Roker, who argued the forecasts were accurate.







	Seems like @NYGovCuomo folks didn't look at @NWSBUFFALO forecasts on Monday for 2'-3' of snow with significant additional amounts possible, Roker tweeted Sunday.


	Cuomo and Buffalo officials, meanwhile, reported Monday that the much-feared flooding that had been expected in the Buffalo area from melting snow had so far not materialized.


	As of this moment the situation is not as problematic as it could have been, Cuomo said.



























 Copyright 2014 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.