


	Doubling down on his controversial comments about race and crime, former Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Monday that hes saved more African-American lives than the academic bashing him, Georgetown University Professor Michael Eric Dyson.


	Appearing on Fox News, Giuliani defended his remarks on Sundays Meet The Press about black-on-black crime and pushed back against Dyson, who said the former mayor had the mindset of a white supremacist.




	"I probably saved more black lives as mayor of New York than any mayor in the history of this city, with the possible exception of Mike Bloomberg, who was there for 12 years," Giuliani told the crew at "Fox & Friends."





	Giuliani said "thousands of blacks were being killed every year" when he came into office in 1994, and that the number dropped to "about 200" by the time he left eight years later.


	"Id like to see if Dr. Dyson has ever saved as many lives in his community as Ive saved," he huffed.


	On Sunday, Giuliani and Dyson got into their heated argument as they discussed the shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and its aftermath.




	The black teen's death by a white cop has triggered months of protests, as well as riots and looting. A grand jury is expected to issue a decision shortly about whether to file criminal charges against the cop.


	The Meet the Press exchange began when Giuliani said that Ferguson was patrolled by white cops because it was necessary to curb black-on-black violence.


	The white police officers wouldnt be there if you werent killing each other 70 to 75 percent of the time, Giuliani said.


	Michael Eric Dyson, professor of sociology at Georgetown University, criticized the former mayor for using the 'defensive mechanism of white supremacy' when talking about the death of Michael Brown.


	Michael Brown, 17, was fatally shot in Ferguson, Mo., on Aug. 9, 2014.


	Michael Eric Dyson (left), professor of sociology at Georgetown University, criticized the former mayor for using the 'defensive mechanism of white supremacy' when talking about the death of Michael Brown (right).





	I find it very disappointing that youre not talking about the fact that 93% of blacks in America are killed by other blacks, the former mayor added.


	That prompted Dyson to tell Giuliani his comments reflected the defensive mechanism of the white supremacy at work in your mind.




	Dyson's comments clearly got under Giuliani's skin.


	In his appearance on "Fox & Friends" almost 24 hours later, Giuliani launched a nearly two-minute, uninterrupted defense of his work as mayor, and rattled off multiple statistics about the problem of black-on-black violence.


	Im not even going to dignify that with an answer except for the fact that up until the time I became mayor thousands of blacks were being killed every single year, Giuliani said.


	I would like to see if Dr. Dyson has ever saved as many lives in his community as I saved. I did it by having to use police officers in black areas where there was an astounding amount of crime.


	"If that crime was in white areas, police officers would be in white areas. If it were in Hispanic areas, officers would be in Hispanic areas. I had no racial component to my determination of where to put police. It was based on the CompStat system which I established with Bill Bratton. I had a statistically based system. That actually the justice department investigated and found to be perfectly fair, Giuliani said.


	"When you look at this, it could make you cry," he said.





























 Copyright 2014 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.